# Feedback and decisions

  Ideas to make the monsters track the player were a lot around using the player position to make a movement vector, using machine learning of some type or talking to a few people which had done this. Ideas for inventory were mostly creating a list or dictionary - like the backpack- and on an overlay - some specific tips were very helpful. In order to improving the fighting function a lot of people were not sure but the most common idea was to switch between visuals. Finally, for visual features most people said photoshop or finding online tools. In additional pieces the biggest takeaways were to add must, get inspiration from minecraft, and worrying about scope.

  We have made some important decisions in the process of the project and based on feedback. For making the monsters track the characters we have said that the vector seems like a good place to start but will also do more research between the two options. Therefore we have not made a conclusive decision on this end. To make an inventory using a backpack type object seems like a good idea or having the overscreen. We have decided that this is the best idea - and was unanimously suggested among those with suggestions. For fight functions changing between images is definitely something that we will apply as this is a good idea for making it look nicer. We will maybe then explore other pieces such as projectiles depending on the time and how the fights are laid out. Creating visuals we have found some interesting pixel art editors online that would be super easy to use so we will be using this most likely. Finally, we think getting an MVP will be doable but we know that our ideas are too big and we will not get everything done, it is already a lot. We have also decided for music but this was already an idea. 

# Review process reflection 

  The review went very well and we got a lot of useful feedback. I think something interesting was that the pieces which we need help with were not what we were working on at the moment. The things we were doing and still will be were mostly things that we did not have any questions about, just a matter of getting it done. We got really good answers to those questions which we believed we would have in the future and that would hold us back. I think that we provided a good amount of context to the audience, perhaps we could have outlined a bit more but I think that this way we still go the answers we were looking for. We stuck to our planned agenda and it worked well in order to get the things we need done done. I think that next time maybe doing a bit more research before could have allowed us to ask more direct questions and know more exactly the information we needed.
